Carousel's pause/play button must be placed first (#1763)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.3/migration.md

    </div>
    ```

- **Carousel**

>   - <span class="badge text-danger-emphasis bg-danger">Breaking</span> The pause/play button has been slightly changed for accessibility purpose; it is now placed first and is the first focusable item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - <span class="badge text-danger-emphasis bg-danger">Breaking</span> The pause/play button is now included within the carousel for a better rendering but still respecting accessibility guidelines; it is now placed on the left-hand side of the indicators. The HTML markup has changed, please use this new version on your websites.
```
